welcome to the broken heart gallery
[Music]
Lucy do you think you want to try
getting out of bed today
we're getting smell complaints from the
city have you just been masturbating and
braiding your hair for three weeks my
vibrator will never break my heart well
it will break your vagina Lucy listen
we're in completely different places you
need to get a grip he's with someone
else now how do you get over someone
what loosely joint
class silver Prius but also I have had
the worst night of my life this isn't a
lift this is my car
hello I'm sorry no I'll cancel
you're not Adolfo who are you my name is
Nick okay good night
hey you can't have a good relationship
because you're constantly mourning the
old one you keep something from every
relationship at least get rid of the ex
memorabilia Lucy but also Nick you just
magically show up everywhere are you a
stalker
[Applause]
the car was just pregame this is where
you actually murder me
I'm trying it into a boutique hotel do
you see this time it's the only thing I
have left from my last relationship why
don't you leave it here a nail perfectly
placed to look at that like art in a
gallery I can help with the hotel in
exchange for gallery space of course we
could use the help you start tomorrow
get us the coffee nothing with actual
dairy you guys are really sensitive and
it's Tommy I hate it Nick can I come in
how did you get in here your roommates I
wanna show you something
and you are not wearing any pants
[ __ ] this map was here this morning
yep this is amazing there are broken
people out there like me people we need
let go and move on is this the we're in
the right place welcome are you ready to
hand it over it has an odor we're in
business baby love makes you do crazy
stupid irrational things remember me
what's this guy doing here guys
welcome to the broken heart gallery
heartbreak is the loneliest feeling in
the world and the truth is it happens to
us all I think you should put your penis
in his vagina oh I should put my penis
in his vagina
you